Editorial changes (#646)
moq-wg/moq-transport: draft-ietf-moq-transport.md

Publishing through the relay starts with publisher sending ANNOUNCE
control message with a `Track Namespace` ({{model-track}}).
The ANNOUNCE enables the relay to know which publisher to forward a

> SUBSCRIBE to, if the track name belongs to the namespace indicated in
> the ANNOUNCE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SUBSCRIBE to if the track belongs to the namespace in the ANNOUNCE.
```

> Relays MUST ensure that publishers are authorized by verifying that the
> publisher is authorized to publish the content associated with the set of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Relays MUST verify that publishers are authorized to publish
the content associated with the set of
```
